gsoc blog post (#569)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2021-03-12-gsof-mentor.md

---
author: Mark Moll
comments: false
date: 2021-03-11
layout: post
title: MoveIt Selected for Google Summer of Code 2021
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/blog_posts/2021-03-12-gsoc.jpeg
description: For the 2nd time MoveIt will be a google summer of code mentor organization
categories:
- Events
- MoveIt
- Mentor
- Google
---

MoveIt has been selected as a mentor organization for the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) this summer!

GSoC is an international program in which Google awards stipends to students who complete a free and open-source software coding project during a three month period. Details about the program can be found [here](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works/#timeline).

> As of March 9th google has announced [202 organizations](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2021/03/google-summer-of-code-2021-mentoring-orgs-announced.html ) will participate in 2021’s Summer of Code!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of March 10th Google has announced that [202 organizations](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2021/03/google-summer-of-code-2021-mentoring-orgs-announced.html ) will participate in 2021’s Summer of Code!
```

MoveIt has been selected to be part of this honor.

For a complete list of the accepted organizations visit the [program website](https://g.co/gsoc) where each organization has its own page with details about their org and the all important list of Project Ideas that they wish for students to work on this summer.

Are you a student interested in participating in GSoC this year?

> Student applications will open on Monday, March 29, 2021 at 19:00 UTC and the deadline to submit your application is Tuesday, April 13, 2021 at 19:00 UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Student applications will open on Monday, March 29, 2021 at 19:00 UTC and the deadline to submit your application is Tuesday, April 13, 2021 at 19:00 UTC. Start contributing towards your topic of choice right away to show off your skills and discuss your project on Github!
```
